Welcome to the last module of this course.
You've now learned a lot about JAXB.
JAXB is useful for many different applications,
and one application where it is often used is XML-based web services.
In this module,
we'll create a simple web service and the client so that you get
an idea of how JAXB is used for web services.
First,
I'll give you some background information about web
services so that you understand the context.
Then we'll look at two examples.
First, we'll create a simple web service for purchase orders using JAX-WS,
the standard Java API for working with XML-based web services and JAXB.
Then we'll create a small client program which calls the web service. Let's start with a quick overview of web services.